-- Learn ASP.NET MVC 5 ( Model view controller) step by step in 2 days ( 16 hours)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lp7nSImO5vk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dlxtHuRw34  --Part-4
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0kmdjqgO9IY&list=RDCMUCHI5xgQujSyqz_UyKdLFaqw

--ASP.NET MVC Interview Questions with Answers | ASP.NET Interview Questions  Time : 45:15  Done Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pXmMdmJUC0g

-- ASP.NET MVC Interview questions and answers on Dependency Injection Time : 20:00 Done Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yVKTvtevM0w&t=178s

--- IEnumerable vs IQueryable C# | C# Interview Questions | Csharp Interview  Time : 7:20 Done Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yfPGFapabAY&t=73s

-- SQL Query Optimization and performance tuning Time : 07:28 Done Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LpPo7R8siXA
-- Improve SQL Server performance using profiler and tuning advisor Time : 13:12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AaPaIVI-yyI
--Indexes in SQL Server | Use Indexes for Faster Search in SQL | SQL Time : 11:30 Done Today
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rtmeNwn4mEg

-- SQL Server Interview Questions and Answers | SQL Interview Questions Time : 51:20
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SEdAF8mSKS4

--- SOLID Principal - Interview Questions and Answers best with example
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmI-Ubq_AAc

--OOPS Interview Questions and Answers | Object Oriented Programming Interview Time : 58:12
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u99wAoBjDvQ

--Top 100 C#/ .NET/ Web API/ SQL Interview Questions   Time : 2:49:19 Done 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U_Vm_AKzH3M    

--C# Interview Questions and Answers | Important Csharp Interview Questions | C#  Time : 1:02:00  Part-1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKynEBPqiIM

--C# Interview Questions :- Stack Heap in C#| Boxing Unboxing in C# | Value Type Reference Type in C# Time : 1:03:00 Part-2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7O4JPdKjc30

-- Ready website 
https://www.tutorialsteacher.com/
https://www.javatpoint.com/entity-framework-interview-questions


--Entity Framework Introduction -- Best to know EF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DAGnYt4fzHU&list=PLo4twE8XBOPyyJBpC72frZt8cCk8N2zKt

--Stored Procedure in Entity Framework Code first and asp net mvc-Part 1
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmVdyppX32o

--Create ASP.NET Core Web Application With SQL Server Database Connection and CRUD Operations
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T-e554Zt3n4

--Learnig New Technologies with Udemy Best for Beginner
Full course on Udemy : Asp.net Core [Must recommended]
https://www.udemy.com/course/aspnet-core-web-application-using-razor-pages/

-- GitHub Actions - The Complete Guide
https://www.udemy.com/course/github-actions-the-complete-guide/?kw=Git&src=sac

--.NET Core MVC - The Complete Guide 2023 [E-commerce app]
https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-aspnet-core-21-course/?kw=MVC&src=sac

--Best Article for Dependency Injection to Read....
https://www.c-sharpcorner.com/UploadFile/85ed7a/dependency-injection-in-C-Sharp/
https://www.dotnettricks.com/learn/dependencyinjection/implementation-asp-net-core-mvc#:~:text=There%20are%20three%20types%20of,Setter%20Injection%2C%20Interface%20based%20Injection.